EER Diagram explanation, design considerations and assumptions:
1.	The business referred to in this problem can have leased the commercial space to multiple companies that exist on one or more than one floors, i.e., On a single floor, Netflix, Amazon and Disney can have a part of their office, and each of these companies can have operations spanning across multiple floors (Netflix – 2nd Floor and 3rd Floor, Amazon – 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th floors and so on).
2.	The building, thus, has many floors, and each floor may have one or more than one offices (denoted by COMPANY).
3.	The COMPANY_ID attribute in the COMPANY table would be a combination of the company name and the floor number of the company (eg. Amazon’s company IDs would be AM2, AM3, AM4 and AM5). This would enable us to quickly spot the employees who work on a particular floor for each company, thus reducing the redundancy of storing Company Name and Floor Number, both, for each employee. This would be especially useful in case a company wants to send internal communication to employees on the same floor as a COVID-infected employee.
4.	Each company contains one or more ROOMS, which can be classified into many types: Office Rooms, Meeting Rooms, Recreation Rooms and so on. For limiting the scope of our diagram, I have indicated only 2 such rooms, and have stated that the different rooms that have been named are all disjoint subtypes of a main “ROOMS” entity, and the subtype discriminator we have used here is “ROOM_TYPE” (Extended E-R). Please note, each ROOM can belong to only one COMPANY.
5.	Each company can contain one or more EMPLOYEEs, and each of these employees may belong to only one company.
6.	The EMPLOYEE entity contains a list of all the employees and their details (such as Name, Contact Number, Email, Company and Floor).
7.	A MEETING entity contains a list of all the meetings that are scheduled each day with the location of the meeting, start date/time, end date/time and a unique MEETING_ID. A bridge table is used to connect the EMPLOYEE entity with the MEETING entity, as multiple employees may attend a single meeting, and, vice-versa, (a meeting can host multiple employees). It makes little sense for us to maintain multiple copies of redundant information pertaining to every meeting that every employee attends (like Meeting title, Meeting Room Name, etc.) and we can use the bridge table to obtain any required information about an employee who attends a particular meeting via the EMP_ID and MEETING_ID.
8.	Each room belonging to a company may host 0 or more meetings.
9.	The TEST Entity shown in the above diagram represents a COVID Test. Although every EMPLOYEE gets scanned at the Office during Entry/Exit, only few of the employees whose body temperature exceeds a preset threshold sign up for getting tested. Hence, for each employee, there may or may not be a TEST record, and each test record maps to only one single employee as per the EMP_ID, as indicated in the diagram. Also, an employee may opt to sign up for a test at a location of their choice, indicated by the TEST_LOCATION attribute. TEST_TYPE distinguishes 2 tests based on whether they were performed as a result of a self-report or office-redirection.
10.	On a similar note, not all employees self-report their symptoms into the app. An employee may self-report his/her symptoms, sign up for a test and communicate the result back to the company, and may do this more than once, through this process. The EMP_COVID_HISTORY entity, thus, keeps track of the symptoms reported by the Employee, his/her test result and his/her Health Status (Sick/Well/Hospitalized). Every instance in the EMP_COVID_HISTORY entity, thus, has an associated EMPLOYEE record. There may be more than one History record for one employee. The Symptoms 1 through 5 can be labelled with other names like Cough, Congestion, Cold, Fever, etc.
11.	Whenever an employee signs up for a test and receives a COVID positive result, the MEETING_IDs that the employee was a part of for the last 3 days (approximately) and these employees are informed via a telephone call and e-mail to get themselves tested. The FLOOR_ID of the employee is used to trace other employees who might have been exposed to this person and these employees are informed to exercise caution if they have been in contact with the former positive tested patient in the last couple of days. 

